# Serverless Deployment

### What is the purpose?
  Serverless deployment is a somewhat new method of deploying and maintaining an application using cloud offerings. For example, a company may use a third-party provider, such as Amazon Web Services or Azure, to host their application and manage deployments and updates. The third-party cloud provider will take care of all the server management and infrastructure, which frees up the developer to focus on its application code. 
  The name 'serverless deployment' is a little misleading. It does not mean that the application is hosted without servers. What it means is that the developer of the application does not have to maintain servers. All the server infrastructure is maintained by the cloud provider. All the developer has to do is deploy its code to a cloud provider, and the provider takes care of the rest. Now the process of deployment is a bit more nuanced, but that's the basic idea.


---

### How does it work?
  Serverless deployment works by way of events and triggers. When a specified event occurs (such as a 'git push') the cloud providings will execute any and all actions/functions that have been configured. The actions or functions that are executed are specified by the developer. When an event trigger occurs, the cloud platform will spin up a container to process and execute the corresponding function(s). When the action has been completed the container can be discarded. This allows for a very efficient use of time and resources during application deployment. And guess what! The cloud provider will also allow for automatic scaling! Isn't that amazing? If more actions are needed or the rate of function calls increases, the serverless provider will just spin up more containers to execute the tasks. It really is an incredible tool for the developer. However, it is not without problems or risks. What if your application fails after being deployed to production? What if you need to process and use sensitive information during deployment? Who gets access to the different stages of deployment? There are many risks that can come with serverless deployment, but there are also many ways to deal with those risks. Let's dive in to the different types of serverless deployment and how we can mitigate risks.
